CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. LIMITED SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
Limited Software License Agreement BSP (2021v1)

CISCO CONFIDENTIAL

This Limited Software License Agreement (“Agreement”) grants access to
the Cisco Systems, Inc. (“Cisco”) software identified in Exhibit A
attached hereto, as such software may be delivered by Cisco in source
code, object code or binaries and include libraries and related
documentation (“Licensed Material(s)”). The software selection and
method of code delivery is at Cisco’s sole discretion. Use of these
Licensed Materials is conditioned upon agreement to, and Licensee
expressly accepts, the following terms and conditions:

1. License. Cisco hereby grants to Licensee, under Cisco’s
   intellectual property rights in the Licensed Material(s), a
   non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, royalty free, limited
   license (without right of sublicense) solely to internally view and
   internally use the necessary portions of the Licensed Material(s) (as
   furnished by Cisco in source or binary code form) on a secure
   Licensee development computer solely for the purpose of compiling the
   necessary portions of the source code of the Licensed Materials into
   object code and installing and testing the object code of the
   Licensed Materials on the Cisco Hardware in a secure environment.
   This license is subject to the terms and conditions of this
   Agreement, including the restrictions set forth in License
   Restrictions below. “Cisco Hardware” means a Cisco 8100 series router
   purchased by Licensee from Cisco or a Cisco authorized reseller.
2. License Restrictions. Licensee shall not: (a) copy (except as
   permitted under the “License” section of this Agreement in order to
   compile, install and test the object code of the Licensed Materials
   with the Cisco Hardware), modify, adapt, alter, or translate the
   Licensed Material(s), or create copyrightable, patented or trade
   secret materials (“Derivative Technology”) improving, recasting,
   adding integrated features or functions, or transforming the Licensed
   Material(s); (b) sell, assign, sublicense, distribute, publicly
   display, lease, rent, loan, transfer, encumber or suffer to exist any
   lien or security interest (other than those of Cisco) or otherwise
   permit third parties to access, use, copy, disclose, or otherwise
   transfer the Licensed Material(s); (c) create or attempt to create by
   reverse engineering, reverse assembly, reverse compiling, decrypting,
   disassembling or otherwise all or part of the source code from any
   Licensed Material(s) or permit a third party to do so; (d) remove,
   alter, obscure, or destroy any copyright notices, proprietary
   markings or confidential legends placed upon or contained within the
   Licensed Material(s) or any copies thereof (e) take any action or
   inaction that would result in Entanglement of any of the Licensed
   Material(s) or Documentation. “Entanglement” means that proprietary
   technology has become subject to the terms of an open source license
   under which downstream recipients or other third parties may claim
   the right to (a) copy, create derivative works of, or redistribute
   the proprietary technology, or (b) receive source code to the
   proprietary technology. Except for the express and limited purpose
   license granted herein, no other licenses are granted by implication,
   estoppel or otherwise, nor are any licenses granted by any other
   means other than in this agreement.
3. Ownership. Cisco retains all right, title and interest in and to
   the Licensed Material(s) and shall own any Derivative Technology
   thereof created by or for Licensee. Licensee hereby conveys and
   assigns to Cisco, its successors and assigns, all of Licensee’s
   right, title and interest in and to any such Derivative Technology of
   the Licensed Material(s) and made by or for Licensee under this
   Agreement, including all copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and
   other intellectual property rights therein (including renewals
   thereof). Licensee shall execute and deliver such instruments and
   take such other action as may be required and requested by Cisco to
   perfect the assignments and prosecute such patent and copyright
   applications.
4. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement, or any
   license granted under this Agreement, at any time.
5. Effect of Termination or Expiration. Within five (5) days after
   the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement or any
   license granted under this Agreement, Licensee shall furnish to Cisco
   written certification by an authorized representative of Licensee
   that the original and all copies, including partial copies, of the
   corresponding Licensed Material(s), and any material received from
   Cisco or made in connection with such license have been returned to
   Cisco. Only the section titled “License” shall terminate or expire,
   all other provisions shall survive expiration
   or termination of this Agreement.
6. Warranty Disclaimer. THE LICENSED MATERIAL(S) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”
   AND CISCO MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND
   DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE
   LICENSED MATERIAL(S), OR ANY MODIFICATIONS THERETO, IN WHOLE OR IN
   PART, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE,
   FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR
   NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL CISCO BE LIABLE FOR THE ACCURACY
   OR COMPLETENESS OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL(S).
7. Limitation of Liability. NEITHER CISCO NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS
   SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER
   CISCO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY DAMAGES OR OF ANY
   REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILING OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR
   OTHERWISE. NEITHER CISCO NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR
   COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, LOSS OF PROFITS,
   INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR FOR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
   CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER FOR
   BREACH OF WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR
   OTHERWISE. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE BENEFIT AFFORDED TO IT
   UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS A FULL AND ADEQUATE BENEFIT OF THE BARGAIN
   SUPPORTING LICENSEE’S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK TO IT.
8. No Maintenance, Installation and Training. Cisco has no obligation
   under this Agreement to provide any maintenance, upgrades, updates,
   support, installation or training. Any assistance provided by Cisco
   hereunder shall be at Cisco’s discretion and without liability or
   risk to Cisco.
9. Third Party Materials. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
   herein, Licensee acknowledges that any third-party materials
   delivered under this Agreement are licensed and not sold
   (“Third-Party Materials”) and that title to and ownership of the
   Third-Party Materials or any portion thereof remain with its
   licensors. Any open source software not owned by Cisco is subject to
   its own separate license terms. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION
   OF THIS AGREEMENT, CISCO OFFERS NO WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED) OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE THIRD-PARTY
   MATERIALS.
10. Confidential Information. The Licensed Material(s), whether in
   whole or in part, are the confidential and proprietary property of
   Cisco and/or its licensors. Handling of such Confidential Information
   is covered by the terms of the parties’ Non-Disclosure Agreement,
   incorporated herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
   parties’ Non-Disclosure Agreement, (a) in no instance may the source
   code be shared by Licensee with any third party without the express
   written permission of Cisco and (b) the confidentiality obligations
   and restrictions under the Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be
   perpetual with respect to any source code under this Agreement.
11. No Assignment. Licensee may not assign its rights or delegate its
   obligations hereunder, either in whole or in part, whether by
   operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of
   Cisco.
12. Security. Licensee will implement and maintain an information
   security program that is appropriate to the nature and scope of
   Licensee’s activities. The security program will be designed,
   maintained, updated, as necessary, and documented to reasonably
   address known risks and unauthorized access to Licensed Materials.
   Licensee shall diligently address any security vulnerability in the
   Licensed Materials and immediately bring any security vulnerability
   to the attention of Cisco’s Product Security Incident Response Team
   (PSIRT) by emailing psirt@cisco.com.
13. Import/Export. Cisco’s software, cloud services, products,
   technology and services, including the Licensed Material(s),
   (collectively the “Cisco Products”) are subject to U.S. and local
   export control and sanctions laws. Licensee acknowledges and agrees
   to the applicability of and Licensee’s compliance with those laws,
   and Licensee shall not receive, use, transfer, export or re-export
   any Cisco Products in a way that would cause Cisco to violate those
   laws. Licensee also agrees to obtain any required licenses or
   authorizations.
14. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either
   party under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
   personally delivered or sent by a reputable overnight mail service or
   by first class mail (certified or registered). Notices to Cisco
   should be sent to Cisco Systems, Office of General Counsel, 170
   Tasman Drive, San Jose, CA 95134.
15. Governing Law and Venue. This Agreement, and any disputes arising
   from it, will be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of
   California, United States of America and without regard to conflicts
   of laws rules or the United Nations Convention on the International
   Sale of Goods. The Superior Court of California, County of Santa
   Clara and the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California
   will have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising
   out of or relating to this Agreement or its formation, interpretation
   or enforcement. Each party hereby consents and submits to the
   exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
   either party may seek interim injunctive relief in any court of
   appropriate jurisdiction with respect to any alleged breach of a
   party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights.
16. Publicity. Licensee shall not refer to Cisco, or any of Cisco’s
   trademarks, in any manner including to its customers, suppliers or
   partners or in any of its promotional or advertising material,
   written or oral, without obtaining Cisco’s prior written consent.
   This restriction includes the disclosure in any media releases,
   public announcements and other public disclosures by Licensee, its
   employees or agents relating to or referring to this Agreement or its
   subject matter.
17. Verification. Licensee will take reasonable steps to maintain
   complete and accurate records of Licensee’s use of the Licensed
   Material(s) sufficient to verify compliance with this Agreement
   (“Verification Records”). Upon reasonable advance notice, and no more
   than once per 12 month period, Licensee will, within 30 days from
   Cisco’s notice, allow Cisco and its auditors access to the
   Verification Records and any applicable books, systems (including
   Cisco product(s) or other equipment), and accounts during Licensee’s
   normal business hours.
18. Severability. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement
   is held to be unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will be
   enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent
   of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in
   full force and effect.
19. Waiver. Failure by either party to enforce any right under this
   Agreement will not waive that right.
20. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the complete agreement
   between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
   Agreement and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous
   communications, understandings or agreements (whether written or
   oral).


Exhibit A: Licensed Material(s) Description

Board Support Package with hardware component drivers to enable hardware
to work with operating system.  This is comprised of multiple
repositories generally organized by function.  This list will grow as
functionality grows.

    cisco-wb-pkg:       Super-project and installer
    cisco-wb-build:     Build related utilities
    cisco-wb-acpi:      ACPI/GPIO related code
    cisco-wb-bsp-api:   C/C++ libraries and utilities
    cisco-wb-fpd:       FPD upgrade utilities
    cisco-wb-pid:       PID specific configuration and utilties
    xr_sysctl:          An abstraction to get/set information
    cisco-wb-optics:    Optics related code
    cisco-wb-kmod:      Kernel drivers
    cisco-wb-dimm-kmod: Kernel drivers
    cisco-wb-tam-kmod:  Kernel drivers


